# Community Meeting: Monday, May 16, 2022, 4pm CEST

Participants: RD, DP, RP, TD, AG, AA

## Agenda

* Community updates
* Status updates
* Others

## Discussions

TD: I did a PR on the Sandblaster repository.
This closed the PR by mistake.
Superlinter isn't triggered because I'm doing a PR inside a PR.

RD: It's OK at this point if Superlinter is not working.

TD: I'm not yet concerned about Radu's files.

AA: I was looking at the code in Sandscout.
I did a function looking for hash values.

AA: I looked at existing query languages, I need to look more.

RP: I was still looking on the kernel cache, whether it's encrypted or unpacked.

RP: I'm still waiting for some replies.

DP: I shared two files on Google Drive.

RD: You can place them here: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B3h5Op_iFi3jbTN6MjAtSjlMOUE

DP: We need to create a separate project and the XPC framework.

DP: I tried to find similarities in CVEs with the functions from my disassembled IDA code.

AG: I create a UI interface for the exerciser.
I written it in UI.

AG: I had an issue because all items are white.

AG: I created a black background.

AG: At one point I will have to do a UI in JS.

AG: These will be two scripts.

AG: I have the idea to rename the screens they are hashing.

AG: I'm betting that, once I have a Javascript interface, I will have modularity for users.

## TODOs

AA: Create a document highlighting upside and downsides of query languages.

AA: Complete function processing hash values.

AG: Put up Python interface on the repository.

AG: Look into separate render and loading times.

DP: Investigate deploying CVE on iOS.

RP: Wait for more replies on kernel cache encryption and compression.

TD: Continue doing unit tests for Sandblaster.

TD: Talk to Radu about issue with merged / closed PR.
