# Community Meeting: Monday, May 2, 2022, 4pm CEST

Participants: Dennis, Andrei, Roxana, Alin, Timi, Răzvan

## Agenda

* Community updates
* Status updates
* Others

## Discussions

DC: I will go deeper with the CVE.
The issue should work with multiple macOS version.
I'm using a MacBook 10.15.

DC: This guy is using an Xcode project.
A function is not part of libxpc version on my macOS.

DC: This function is part of the iOS libraries.

RD: Having it working on iOS would be a major contribution to your thesis.

RP: I tested kextractor on Linux.
It works until iOS 13 included.

RP: I looked a bit into the Ghidra plugin, but not too much.

DC: The kernel cache for iOS14 is encrypted.

AG: I found a bug that made the Python + JS were not working together.

AG: However, it's a core function.
I need to rewrite the selection using action chains.

AG: This wasn't an issue if I used an earlier version.

AG: It says it needs some scripts and elements on using action chains.

AA: I made a PR with the changes.
The logic breaks.

TD: I created first set of tests.
I wasn't able to place the tests folder outside the source code folder.

RD: You can rename folders to use underscore (instead of minus).

## TODOs

DC: Update the corresponding header and call the IPC function on macOS.
If that doesn't work, look into other versions of macOS (virtual machines).

DC: Look into using the environment for iOS IPC testing.

RP: Check the iExtractor repository for actions on how kernelcache was decrypted before iOS 9.
Maybe we can use those tools.

RP: Look into lzssdec and other tools if they can be updated for iOS >= 14.

AG: Keep hammering on the issue of using action chains.

RD: Review PR on Sandscout.

RD: Check query3 issue on Sandscout.

AA: Use Sandscout against all profiles in the ios-sandbox-profiles repository.

AA: Run Sandblaster on newer iOS versions and run Sandscout on extracted profiles.

TD: Use the Internet (IRC, StackOverflow) to find out best practices on writing and placing unit tests.

TD: Create further unit tests for Sandblaster.
Discuss progress with Radu.
