# Community Meeting: Monday, April 11, 2022, 4pm CEST

Participants: Răzvan, Timi, Dennis, Roxana, Andrei, David, Alin

## Agenda

* Community updates
* Status updates
* Work items

## Discussions

RD: Thanks to Andrei for Discord updates.

AG: I cannot make the front end communicate with the back end.
The JavaScript variable are still defined on the JavaScript side.
Python doesn't know how to handle them.
There are some Python modules for the UI, but they are much simple.

AG: I would first try to see if I can marry them.
If not, I will aim to rewrite the UI in Python.

AG: The other way it will be the rewrite the Python backend.

AG: I could work on a simple Python interface.

DB: I updated the README from iExtractor.

DB: I found some information on the dyld extractor work.

DC: I tried to find out where is the code located for iOS 15.
I found the location of the vulnerability.
There is a function called sandbox called by audit token.

DC: This week I want to understand how this check is bypassed and how root privilege escalation is done.

DC: It was fixed in iOS14.
DC: It's part of iOS <= 13.5.

RD: What is your long term goal?

DC: I think we could go for automatic assessment of IPC security.

TD: I was looking into adding unit tests in Sandblaster.

RD: Yes, this makes sense.
Radu Dumitru is working on improving Sandblaster, but it does make sense for unit tests.
Let's start with this and then we can press on with other updates.

RD: Timi, we'll keep contact with Radu on the `sandblaster` channel.

AA: I didn't think of something specifically.

RD: Please look into Sandscout: https://github.com/malus-security/sandscout
I think for starters we need to get its status.
And then make it work for as many iOS versions as possible.
We can then talk about improvements and extensions.

RD: For Roxana: Look into kextractor: https://github.com/malus-security/kextractor/
See how it works, test it.
Then we'll see how well it work on all iOS versions.
And then consider features and improvements.

## TODOs

RD: Merge README PR.

AA: Start looking into SandScout.

AG: Look to see if you can marry Python and Javascript.

DC: Aim to get a replication of the IPC attack.

DB: Continue working on dyld extractor for 32 bits.

RP: Start looking into kextractor.

TD: Look iExtractor / Sandblaster.
Aim to create an initial set of unit tests.
