# Community Meeting: Monday, April 18, 2022, 4pm CEST

Participants: Andrei, David, Roxana, Alin, Timi, Răzvan

## Agenda

* Community updates
* Status updates
* Others

## Discussions

RD: We have nice Discord features created by PR.

DB: I continued porting the tool for DSC.
I completed the changes on one of the PR.

AG: I narrowed down the problem.
It was because I was using Flask for Python.

AG: I made a simple version of the script.
I was able to modify that with a small set of web pages.

AG: When Appium starts, there are now two servers.

AG: Nothing is set in stone.
It may be the case that I can make this Flask framework.

AG: My intuition is that even after solving the lazy loading part, I would still have problems with the inter-server communication.

AG: I need to make the inter-server communication work.

AG: Ideally I would use a Python interface to create a user interface that wouldn't require a web interface.

AG: There is an amount of information (web design) I need to find out more about.

TD: I created a diagram.

TD: I started doing a few unittesting for Sandblaster.

TD: We can do then deeper testing.

RD: Radu will create a PR with an updated class structure, with nice comments.

RD: On the longer term, I think we can do some smart testing (given time constraints) and draw a methodology from that.

RP: I looked into kextractor.
I have a pretty good idea.
I have some questions for Dennis.

AA: I looked into Sandscout.
I had to update the path for Prolog.
There are some issue with Python3.

RD: See the already extracted iOS sandbox profiles: https://github.com/malus-security/ios-sandbox-profiles/
Apply Sandscout to them.

RD: The long term goal is to replace Prolog with something that's friendlier and faster.

TD: Is iExtractor working on Linux.

DB: iExtracor Manager works.
Use that.

## TODOs

RD: Review PRs on iExtractor.

RD: Review diagram for iExtractor README file.

RP: Ask questions on the `kextractor` channel.

DB: Continue working on the DSC extractor for 32 bits Linux.

AG: Investigate lazy loading Flask issue.
Then look into inter-server communication.

RD: Link repositories on Discord.

RP: Look into:
* Better documentation for kextractor.
* Extracting kernel caches and test kextractor on many of them.
* Test it on Linux.

TD: Keep contact with Radu to design unit tests for Sandblaster.

AA: Make PRs with fixes to Sandscout.
See already extracted iOS Sandbox profiles.
